all right we are live on air with this
week's edition weekly inspiration or
success
mark Isaacs end a nine-year old as i am
new to me instructor and I'll drop a
link in here for you so you were
interested in checking out any of my
courses and get a discount on them you
can go right through that link there
have been on for not quite a year and as
I've said on all of the blood test so
far I've certainly made my share of
mistakes and continue to make my share
of mistakes is a lot to learn with this
and I'm excited about getting a chance
to talk with she's going to help us out
with some of the things that I think a
lot of us are struggling with in terms
of getting traffic for your information
I'll post a link where you can find a
replay of this interview in you can get
back there later on and off you go to my
courses legal actually see one of the
things I've done recently is I have
created three you to meet course that
has all of these interviews in it so if
that's your thing and you prefer to do
this to me you can go ahead of course
there and you can sign up for this free
class and check out all the good stuff
that we can do in the class so I like to
stop rambling about myself here and do a
quick introduction of my guest today
Minh runs a no nonsense traffic
generation cafe where she freely shares
advice on getting more web traffic by
all means possible like SEO traffic
social media traffic in blog promotion
as well as converting that traffic into
email subscribers and customers so
welcome to the show really happy to have
you on
so you got the traffic generation a blog
about how to generate raft of those site
but in our prep session you let me in on
that insider information that in fact
this is not your first log that you ever
runs so tell us about your experience
with some other blogs that you prior to
the traffic generation well logging was
all about a lot of you might be able to
relate to that he was one of those areas
where told you to log because he is just
that's what everybody else does and
that's ok I'm going to start one and
then you write a few things and then it
kind of sit and wait and try to figure
out so now what
so that's sort of what I did that I was
trying to do about five years ago and it
really didn't go anywhere and it was no
surprise because literally I just saw it
first of all I didn't know what to write
about right I just wrote whatever I just
waited like there was no one reading and
also may be blogging is not all about
you just go out there and somehow I mean
now about it kind of makes I'll but I
know that's what they do he started and
he waited for a while and I started
blogging
what is it that I know why is it so is
where I would like to but not all
everywhere but your blogs really you
know you put up and then paste and let
people know we are so I was kind of
learning early on and learning but how
that works out to drive traffic to know
just how they're doing and what they
have so much other people want you know
that before starting a blog really
wasn't at least I couldn't find one sent
request that will talk about traffic and
especially free traffic because you know
very little cash on me drive traffic the
wrong so I can indeed research was not
block the did what I wanted to read and
mind you I was like I don't have time on
our reading in five thousand where those
asked him so i'm looking for you just
like yesterday so couldn't find it and
that's how traffic generation it was so
that's a long wait
the short answer very good and described
is exactly what a lot of us I know a lot
of the audience here right now our
instructors are wanted you to be
instructors so we can focus it on a lot
of his experiences you to meet
structures is this idea just like you
said oh I'm gonna create a blog and then
I'm gonna wait for traffic
a lot of instructors will create of
course I'm gonna put it up on you and
then I'm gonna wait for all the sales so
if it's not the blog that we've done
we've made that mistake that same type
of thing with our our courses put it up
there and then we sit around and then
there's the islands of you know nothing
happening in NBC we can get taken aback
and we wonder like what's going on here
what happens this this isn't what I was
expecting and then to another one of
your points that you made that highs in
very well is what you started doing your
research you started actually building
knowledge about a particular topic and
it was a topic did you we had very much
of an interest in any old thing out
there that you realize that you needed
to worry about generating traffic and
you studied it in interest in it and
then your point that to the best of your
knowledge there was no blog was doing
that at the time I would say that that's
a fair statement to make because if
there were a blog that was doing that
then obviously they weren't doing a good
job because you weren't aware you didn't
really know what they were talking about
so they gave you yet another opportunity
to do something even if there are blogs
that are out there they must not be
doing something right opportunity to do
something different that's going to make
my blog successful so just in those
moments where you described to us how
you can be dropped generation there are
so many parallels
for people who are looking to start and
you to me and it's not you need to start
on line with any type digital product or
digital enterprise and it's all the
great stuff for us to think about what
it is that you that you described to us
about how you came to traffic generation
kept they so let's continue the
discussion little bit more than so you
did a lot of research about generating
traffic you were looking at how to
generate free traffic and you actually
mentioned some specifics in there about
the ideas of hanging out on other
people's blogs
there's a learning tool to see what they
were doing that you weren't doing and
then there's also I know another
component about what you do when you
hang out
logs so we're starting to get
information here that we can dig into
deeper hear about ok so what are these
three traffic generation techniques so
which one would you like to start with